feat(gazelle): Add "include_dep" Python comment annotation (#1863)
bazelbuild/rules_python: gazelle/README.md

[issue-1826]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/issues/1826

### Annotations

*Annotations* refer to comments found _within Python files_ that configure how
Gazelle acts for that particular file.

Annotations have the form:

```python
# gazelle:annotation_name value
```

and can reside anywhere within a Python file where comments are valid. For example:

```python
import foo
# gazelle:annotation_name value

def bar():  # gazelle:annotation_name value
    pass
```

The annotations are:

| **Annotation**                                                | **Default value** |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|
| [`# gazelle:ignore imports`](#annotation-ignore)              | N/A               |

> | Tell Gazelle to ignore import statements. `imports` is a comma-separated list of imports to ignore. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tells Gazelle to ignore import statements. `imports` is a comma-separated list of imports to ignore. | |
```

| [`# gazelle:include_dep targets`](#annotation-include_dep)    | N/A               |

> | Tell Gazelle to include  import statements. `targets` is a comma-separated list of target names to include as dependencies. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tells Gazelle to include a set of dependencies, even if they are not imported in a Python module. `targets` is a comma-separated list of target names to include as dependencies. | |
```

#### Annotation: `ignore`

This annotation accepts a comma-separated string of values. Values are names of Python
imports that Gazelle should _not_ include in target dependencies.

The annotation can be added multiple times, and all values are combined and
de-duplicated.

For `python_generation_mode = "package"`, the `ignore` annotations
found across all files included in the generated target are removed from `deps`.

Example:

```python
import numpy  # a pypi package

# gazelle:ignore bar.baz.hello,foo
import bar.baz.hello
import foo

# Ignore this import because _reasons_
import baz  # gazelle:ignore baz
```

will cause Gazelle to generate:

```starlark
deps = ["@pypi//numpy"],
```

#### Annotation: `include_dep`

This annotation accepts a comma-separated string of values. Values _must_
be Python targets, but _no validation is done_. If a value is not a Python
target, building will result in an error saying:

```
<target> does not have mandatory providers: 'PyInfo' or 'CcInfo' or 'PyInfo'.
```

Adding non-Python targets to the generated target is a feature request being

> tracked in [Issue #1865](https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_python/issues/1865).

Reviewer: This is all fine, we can't save the world.
